<h1>Homework? Ha, no.</h1>
Recently, I have been thinking of homework and some disadvantages. This document goes over a list of bad things about homework, side effects it may give, and more other interesting things. Sources for information can be found at the corresponding part of the document.
<br><br>
Free time. In a big percentage countries, including the United States of America, United Kingdom, and more, homework is not a legal requirement. You as a human being have the right to choose what you decide to do. Also, the fact that homework isn’t on school property or done during school hours, which you can hear by the word, <strong>home</strong>work.
<br><br>
Some people think homework is good because it encourages kids and teenagers to for example read books, but I think that is wrong. I understand that some people might think that it’s important to read books, I understand that. And it is. But with how fast the world evolves, reading 20 year old books about some school kid being bullied is just not relevant anymore. Firstly, reading can be digitalized for more variated and easier access to more interesting texts, but secondly, it should not be forced.
<br><br>
Even though reading is good, forcing it will not make it an awaited thing. It will instead produce stress and anxiety. If people are forced to read a book they don’t want to in a limited time. That just makes it a worse task. Kids are encouraged to read as much as they can, but if they don’t want to, they’re forced out of their own will? For me, that doesn’t sound that interesting and fun.
<br><br>
Let’s turn it this way, you are an employee of a company. You work at the company as a normal nine to five job. You do however not get paid by the company and because of a contract, cannot leave it. After work is done, even though you’re done with the tasks at work, during your free time, the company has assigned you more tasks needed to be done. If they are not done, your boss will scold you and when your contract ends, you might have difficulty in finding your next job, because of a paper saying that you didn’t do something in the perfect and robotic way. That wouldn’t be that nice, would it?
<br><br>
Okay, now, let’s do a calculation. You spend 6 hours each day in school. That’s 30 hours each week. Since a school year in Sweden is <a href="https://gymnasieskola.stockholm/en/school-terms-and-vacation-periods-for-upper-secondary-school/">40 weeks</a>. That means we take 30 times 40. If you know math, which you could still know without school, our just use a calculator, that’s 1200 hours in a school year. Then, from first to ninth grade, that quickly turns into 10 800 hours. If we convert that to days (which is 450), that’s 1.23 years in school. Literally how long you’re in your classroom for. You will spend 450 FULL DAYS sitting in your classroom, and that’s not enough to teach students what to do?
<br><br>
If that is the case then the problem isn’t the students it’s the school system and teachers. Everything should be able to be done during schooltime.
<br><br>
Oh, and since you spend at least 9 years in school and the average person in Europe lives for around 80 years, and many people seek more education after that, that is at least an eighth of your life.
<br><br>
Now, shouldn’t homework be schoolwork? Well, what is actually the point of homework? Homework was firstly created by Roberto Nevelis as a form of punishing students who didn’t do good enough. Although it was created in 1905, it is still used in the daily now. Even though students do well from them, they still get homework. Here is a quick concept that took less than ten seconds to come up with: let all students not have homework, except the ones that need it. I mean, what is the point of doing something that you already know how to do well and it only takes up <em>your</em> free time?
<br><br>
What does homework actually do and help with in the long run? As you say, “time is money”. If time really is money, then how come it is just taken away from us younger people? Why does the adults in our lives tell us to spend the time we’re young doing stuff we enjoy, but makes the first part of our lives go fully to waste (depending what your opinion is).
<br><br>
Plus, homework might even mess up sleep schedules. And you might say; “then just do it at a different time of the day”, but no. Some people may not have the time to do it during the day, and some others may just forget that they had it. I can definitely say that it's happened that I’ve forgotten one and I've had to stay up later to do it. Everyone says that you should sleep for at least eight, but preferably around ten hours when you’re young. How come then you sometimes have to get less than that, thanks to one of the ones that say it?
<br><br>
Now, in conclusion, homework is not actually good, and for all you teachers, be at least happy that your students do the horrible homework you assign them, since it is in no way a legal requirement. So, to end on a high note, fuck homework.